#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
bleach==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   readme-renderer
build==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2022.6.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs
colorama==0.4.5
    # via
    #   build
    #   click
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
cwapi3d==1.3.9
    # via -r requirements.in
docutils==0.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   readme-renderer
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs
griffe==0.22.0
    # via mkdocstrings-python
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==4.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keyring
    #   markdown
    #   mkdocs
    #   twine
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
keyring==23.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twine
markdown==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   pymdown-extensions
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   mkdocstrings
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs
mkdocs==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
mkdocs-autorefs==0.4.1
    # via mkdocstrings
mkdocs-material==8.3.9
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.0.3
    # via mkdocs-material
mkdocstrings[python]==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocstrings-python
mkdocstrings-python==0.7.1
    # via mkdocstrings
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   mkdocs
pep517==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
pkginfo==1.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twine
pygments==2.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rich
pymdown-extensions==9.5
    # via
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ghp-import
pywin32-ctypes==0.2.0
    # via keyring
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
pyyaml-env-tag==0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs
readme-renderer==35.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twine
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   twine
requests-toolbelt==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twine
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twine
rich==12.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twine
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   pep517
twine==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3==1.26.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
    #   twine
watchdog==2.1.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bleach
zipp==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata
